Sabrina Are you also a, an interpreter.
Kiersten workout workhouse be will be the second interpreter she's not here yet.
Okay, so I don't know who Sabrina is,
I believe.
Are you a capitalists Rena.
I cannot hear you.
Okay, so I can turn off live transcript then.
Do I need to make you co host.
Speaker:  I can tell you which --
I can tell you which breakout rooms those are.  Give me a second.
We need the captionist in breakout room 4, when we do breakout rooms
And the interpret in room 5
Speaker:  You know what, are you sure those only those two students?
Speaker:  Those were the two who requested.
So if there's not a 3rd student, then we don't need --
Do we need an interpret in the captioned room?
We only had a request from Roshon?  Do you want an interpret in realm 4?
Room?
Just the captioning?
Okay, thank you.
Speaker:  I don't mind stepping out if one is not ncsry
are you familiar with UX stuff?
does that change things?  Do you think?
I don't know, I thought that was department policy.
I know that's the general -- really, it's up to you
Speaker:  We were already assigned.
Speaker:  I'll take care of it, thank you.
The assignment so I don't know how they were added. If we were already assigned.
Speaker:  So, Anna.  I'll start.
Speaker:  Sounds good.  That will help you get used to it.
Right. Okay, I'll take care of it. I'll read the email and have a good assignment. The two of you. Thank you, and I'll communicate. Okay.
Okay, thank you. Okay so Anna, I'll go ahead and start. Okay, sounds good. We'll help you, you know, get used to it.
So I have enabled live captioning in my space and I still don't see anything.
So, Let me ask Sean Do you see captions.
If you can see captions I'll just proceed but if you can't.
Oh, now I've got them.
Speaker:  Now I've got them.  Okay, welcome everyone.
They suddenly appeared.
I wanted to start by saying an old saying I've heard is that, all of us know more than any of us.
Okay, welcome everyone.
That is to say you have a contribution to make to your team
I wanted to start by just saying that I'm an old saying that I've often heard is that all of us know more than any of us.
No matter how new u are to UX
So, that is to say that you have a contribution to make to your team.
No matter how new you are to UX.
It's very important for you to make contributions no matter how little experience you have.
I'm very excited to kick off this studio.  I'm on the UX studio page
Your, your entire team including you knows more than any member of your team, no matter how expert. So it's very important for you to make contributions, no matter how how little experience you have in UX.
And I'm very excited to kick off this UX studio.
There's an agenda jr
We are going to introduce this, the agenda is available right here
I'm on the UX studio page which is Mick mcquaid.com slash UX studio.
And there's an agenda there.
It says we are going to be -- I'm going to be introducing this until a minute ago
We started a little late, I was confused about the captioning
So I'm going to do the introductions
And we're going to introduce I'm going to introduce this the agenda is is available right here. And the agenda says that we're going to be that I'm going to be introducing this until a minute ago.
So we started a little bit late because I was confused about the captioning.
We have some distinguished judges here
The dean of the college is here,
Could you introduce yourself?
Speaker:  Hi, everybody, just a quick word
So I'm going to take a couple of extra minutes to do introductions. I'd like to introduce the judging panel. For this, we have some very distinguished judges here, the Dean of the College is here.
That's and Hickey.
Could you introduce yourself.
I participated in this last year and I was impressed with the outcomes,
And the interactions with clients and students
Welcome
Hi everybody, I mean Hickey, as you heard, I'm the Dean of the College. I just just a quick word I participated in this last year and I was very impressed by the outcomes but you know the student work and also the way that the clients and the students
interact together so I look forward to seeing your work.
Welcome.
Speaker:  Hi, everyone.  I'm glad to see so many students participating and local non-profits.  I served as a judge last year
Great, and the director of the high school is here, that's Matt here no foul.
And it was great to see the ideas, I'm looking forward to js
Hi everyone, I'm glad to see so many students participating it's great to have some local nonprofit organizations participating as well. I was also served as a judge last year and it was great to see the idea is that students that come up with and just
Good luck everyone.
a week.
Speaker:  We have a senior lecturer from media design
week. So I'm looking forward to this design sprint, so good luck everyone.
Speaker:  Hi, everyone
I'm Melissa and I'm happy to be here
Right. And then we have a senior lecturer from New Media Design which is new for us. Last year was all I school people. And now we have Melissa warp here.
And if you could just say a word to introduce yourself that would be great.
I touch
I teach in the school of design
I would love to see what you all come up with
Hi everyone, I'm Melissa and I'm very happy to be here. I teach, of course in the School of Design and our big focuses on UI design UX, so I'm going to love to see I'm sure so you what you all come up with so thank you for having me.
Right, and Stephen Katie may be here I can't follow it. Okay, he's here but he's muted.
So Stephen Katie is in the high school is a senior lecturer in the high school.
Speaker:  Hi, everyone.  My camera is not working
But this is my first time judging and I'm excited to see what you're able to come up with
Hi everyone, um, I apologize my internal camera is not working so I am just a name, but this is my first time judging I'm lecture in the School of Information.
It should be a crazy fun week
Hopefully you enjoy, I'm looking forward to see your results
And I am certainly excited to see what you were able to come up with your creativity, and your presentations, next week, so it should be a crazy fun week.
So hopefully you enjoy and looking forward to see what your results are.
Speaker:  We have representatives from Rochester Child First Network
We may have others here from -- those are the only two I know of
Do you want to introduce yourselves?
Thank you so much. And we have representatives from one of the not for profits here, which is Rochester child first network. So Jeff Hoffman is here,
Speaker:  First, thank you all
and Deborah Hughes is here and we may have others here from.
Those are the only two that I know of.
Do you want to say you want to introduce yourself.
Yeah.
Thank you RIT, thank you students -- I'm the fundraising guy at RCN
First, thank you all. Thank you. Alrighty. Thank you, Mick Thank you students. I believe it's just myself and dead tonight.
And the fundraising guy at RCN.
We've been in business since before the Civil War, serving Rochester
The person who is our PR person is an RIT grade who works remotely from Orlando
We've been in business for over 160 years since before the Civil War, serving families and children in in Greater Rochester, so I'm really excited about this.
The person who's is our PR communications person is in our it Greg, and Stephanie works remotely from Orlando.
We really appreciate this opportunity, we are a small non-profit
If you could help us communicate and build bridges, we would appreciate that
So, she'll be helping us out with this project to help us to put together some ideas, but just we really appreciate this opportunity we are a small nonprofit and if you can help us, you know, communicate and build those bridges with families with prospective
Speaker:  Then, Debora Hughes
employees with our kids better we would really appreciate that.
Speaker:  Hi, I'm the HR person at RCN
We are always looking for ways to update ourselves and show our brand and make our presence known
And reaching out to current parents and staff
Right. And then, Deborah Hughes. Hi everyone, I'm the HR person at RCN I've only been there for months but, um, we're always looking for ways to update ourselves and show our brand and make our presence known and I think things like this will actually
really help us expand, just to touch other people along with just contacting and reaching out to the current parents and staff.
Speaker:  Thank you so much, the head of Rochester Greenovation is sick, and we don't have a replacement for her
I'll be going through these two slideshows next
Okay, great. Thank you so much. Now, the head of Rochester green innovation is sick, and we didn't get a replacement for her so she's not here.
Today we just found out that she was sick today.
The Rochester Child First and the Greenovation slideshow
Jeff and Debora will be able to do Q&A
And so none of the volunteers have been able to replace her. I'll be going through these two slideshows Next, the Rochester child first and the Rochester green innovation slideshow and Jeff and Deborah will probably be able to do q amp a on this.
Our time is running a little late, so I'm going to turn it on
You can go in and follow along if you want
I'm going to fullscreen that
Our time is running a little bit late, we are supposed to be halfway through this Rochester child first presentation right now. So I'm going to turn it on.
And you can also go into it and follow along if you want I'm going to just full screen that.
You can navigate through the slideshow if I'm going too fast
Just using the arrow keys to nvgte
Okay, so as was mentioned
you can use. You can navigate through the slideshow of like if I'm going too fast you can zip back and forth through it, just using the arrow keys to navigate it.
Innovative services to children
Their main facility is this in the south wedge
Okay, so as, as was mentioned, Rochester child first is a not for profit agency dedicated to advancing the quality of early education here in western New York through leadership, advocacy and innovative services to children.
Their main facility is this four acre location in the south wedge.
Parents drop off and pick up children, it's a mad house in these times so an app would be welcome
Parents converge on this location every day at 9am and 3pm to drop off and pick up children and it is a madhouse at these times. So an app to help manage drop off and pick up would be welcomed
And the childcare providers have the autonomy to use or reject apps that appeal or don't to them
And the childcare providers that are see and have the autonomy to use or reject apps that appeal or don't appeal to them.
There is currently an employee shortage so also an app that would help recruit childcare providers would be welcomed
the current use of technology.
The current use of technology is --
Sorry.
Sorry, did someone say something?
I'm getting a few people not muted and one is talking in the background
It's somebody say something.
I'm getting a few people have are not muted.
Let me know if you want to talk
And I think one of them is talking in the background but I'm not sure.
I can see the participant list even though I have the screen share on
I can see you raise your hand
Feel free to jump in
The providers seem reluctant to use Facebook
But let me know if you want to talk I mean I can see the participant list here even though I have the, the screen share on, so I can see raise your hand or feel free to jump in at any time.
Class dojo is not a way of two way communication
So apps with that would be welcome
So, the providers are seen reluctant to use Facebook the parents don't use Twitter much in class dojo and other education app is helpful but not a thorough source of two way communication.
Most parents have smart phones
You could replicate some functions of social media in your app and that would be welcome
So apps that have, you know, some two way communication, could be welcome, and most parents have smartphones so even an app that allows us to text them all at once might help.
So you could actually replicate some of the functions of social media in your app. And, and that would potentially be welcome
Important challenges to make an app open to parents but not predators
There are different audiences for an app
Parents for picking up might want to say they're late or on their way
and important challenges to make an app that's open to parents but not open to predators potential predators. So there are different audiences for an app, parents, for picking up they might want to be able to say that they might be late.
Or they might want to say I'm on my way.
And for parents to communicate with teachers about what their children are dg
Managers knowing who to approach regarding late paymns
And for parents to communicate with teachers about what their children are doing right now.
Or who may need timely messages about fundraises, the mad hatter tea party
Childcare providers want to communicate with parents
manager would like to know which parents they need to approach during the 3pm crush regarding late payments prospective parents and prospective donors may need info that's on the website but delivered differently, or who may need timely messages about
fundraisers raffles silent auctions Casino Night, and the Mad Hatter tea party which were fundraising activities that they do.
It may be hard particularly now during the pandemic
So an app reaching out to recruits could be valuable
There are some things that are really important to them
And the childcare providers may want to communicate with parents, and it can be hard to reach prospective employees particularly now during the pandemic.
So, an app that that reaches out to potential recruits could be valuable.
It must be inclusive of different races, ethnicities and abilities
There are child focused apps that are too cartoonish
Now there are some things that are really important to them that are really important are seeing that surface when we talk. It must be inclusive of different races, ethnicities and abilities.
That don't indicate the people behind them are professionals
It must communicate that we're professionals, there are a lot of child focused apps that are two cartoonish in appearance and don't communicate that the people behind them are really professionals.
Even the faccebook group was a tough sell, so something that is blindingly easy
Could be a great benefit
And of course an app must be easy for people who are not computer savvy, even the Facebook group was a tough sell.
So something that's just blindingly easy.
Those are all the slides I have, what questions do you have about RCN?
Could be a great benefit.
Speaker:  I hope everyone can hear me fine
Okay, so those are all the slides that I have, what kinds of questions do you have about RCN
myself.
Yeah.
Does RCN have anyone like customers we could interview or ask questions for?
Or do testing with?
Alright, I hope everyone can hear me fine my microphone has been having several issues this week. I hear you just fine. Perfect.
Speaker:  Yes, we could set you up, it would just ba matter of -- we're closed on /mon
Does RCN have anyone, any like customers we could interview an hour or ask for questions for or do any kind of testing with.
So getting to someone on Tuesday or Wednesday
A parent or teachers
Um, yes we could set you up I mean it would just be a matter of, you know, we're closed on Monday, so it'd be better getting to somebody, you know Tuesday or Wednesday, you know, a parent or some teachers.
If you have my contact information which is jhoffman4@kids.
I could facilitate that
Speaker:  Thanks for the offer, though
Speaker:  Thank you!
If you have my contact information, which is just Jay Hoffman at RCM for the number for kids that orgy yeah should be able to facilitate that. It just, it would be a real short timeline.
Alright, thanks so much for the offer though.
I'll thank you.
Speaker:  Someone has put it in
Just jhoffman
There you go, yes
Speaker:  I put it wrong I spelled kids wrong!
Oh, somebody has already put it in, but I think it's Jay Hoffman not Jeff Hoffman isn't it correct Jay Hoffman.
There you go. Yes.
Can I edit
No I can't
I put it, I put kids spelled kids wrong.
And I can't delete it
My email program won't understand it but someone might
No, I can't even edit it.
I can't edit it and I can't delete it.
I think gigs is close enough.
A couple more people have hands up
My email program won't understand it but someone might. Okay, a couple of questions, a couple of more people have their hands up Matt has his hand up.
Speaker:  You mentioned the child pick up and drop off is a hectic scenario, is there anything else that comes to mind?
Oh, yeah. Um, I guess my question is, other than you mentioned that the child pick up and drop off is one of the more hectic
Your biggest challenge at the moment other than that?
Speaker:  Feel free to jump in, Deb
scenarios that you guys have Is there anything else that comes to mind with one of your like biggest challenges, at the moment, other than that.
And feel free to jump in. As I'm as I'm trying to think of things in it.
This technology is a challenge just in the sense that we have a lot of lower income parents
Most if not all have a smart phone, but
You know the technology, I think, is a challenge, Justin says most of our parents, you know we have a lot of lower income parents and most of them if not all of them would would have a smartphone or or, you know, some kind of connection, you know, they
A lot, I don't think have a home computer or even a tablet or laptop
So I think that's part of what we want to be able to reach all of our parents
That might not be a deal with perspective emplyess
could get through their phone, but a lot. I don't think, you know, have a home computer or even have a tablet or a laptop so that, you know, I think that's part of what we want to be able to to reach all of our parents, that might not be such a big issue
Can you think of anything else, deb?
with prospective employees.
Speaker:  COVID gave us challenges we've never seen being
Before
Closing classrooms, things we want to get out
Gosh, can you think of anything else really pressing dad that comes up on a regular basis. Well I think Paul that gave us challenges that we've never had before so I think just quick communication meaning, you know, um, you know, a surge, or closing certain
Not an email they can't read until night time
So something we can do mass communications they can get on their phone
classrooms or, you know, things like that that we want to get out that's gotta be not like an email that they might read or they might not till like night time.
Before they even get the kids dressed
So something that we can do Mass Communications very very easily and quickly that they will get on their phone. So before they even get the kids dressed.
COVID gave us additional challenges
Speaker:  Yeah the way amber alerts work
You know what I mean that it's going to pop up on their phone nice and easy and us not having to like text a million people and that kind of thing so Koba definitely gave us additional challenges.
It's nothing as extreme as that, but a notification system that doesn't even have an interface/
Yeah, the thing that comes to mind when you mentioned that is the way that amber alerts work I know it's nothing as extreme as that but something. Would you say that something as simple as like a notification system with maybe doesn't even have like an
Speaker:  The difference is we usually communicate not just we're closed due to
interface for them to use would be a useful thing just something or just like a notification pops up on their phone for like emergency communications and things like that, well, so the difference I would say is, we usually communicate.
We give a bit more information because there's more information than just a quick alert
It's more so a communication -- a conversation
I'm not just we're closed due to, like, we give a little bit more information because usually when you're dealing with children and our staff, there's more information than just a quick alert that were closed or don't bring your kid today kind of thing
So it's not a quick alert
That would be great but it's a little more than that
We want to service our employees and parents
Does that make sense?
it's more so, a communication, a conversation. Do you know what I mean. So it's not just a quick alert, I would, I mean that would be great. But I think it's it's a little bit more than that because we actually want to service our employees and our parents,
Because if we just say we're closed because of COVID that's alarming!
Does that make sense?
Something like two way communication
more than just an alert. Does that make sense because if you say we're close to Kovac, that's an alarming. We don't want to alarm them we want to inform them.
Yeah because if anyone has questions we want to shut down assumptions or someone being uneasy about things
We want to respond quickly
And as I recruit, indeed is great
Does that makes sense, something, something with the functionality of like a two way communication. Yeah, because if anybody has questions we definitely want to shut down any, you know, assumptions and or, you know, somebody being, you know, uneasy about
things we definitely want to respond quickly.
That makes sense.
And I think to just recruiting, as I recruit, I mean indeed is great.
But we could reach different groups of people if we had a platform to do so
I don't know what that looks like, we're looking at all different age groups and levels of tech savvy people
Versus still with a flip phone
But recruiting is always a struggle
But I think we could probably reach different groups of people, if we had a platform to do so and I don't really know what that looks like. I mean, we're looking at all different age groups, all different levels of, you know, tech savvy people versus
still with a flip phone. So I don't really know what that looks like. But recruiting is always a struggle, always a struggle.
Okay, cool.
Mathew, did we finish answering your question?
Yes thank you
Alex?
Speaker:  You mentioned the pick up and drop off times are always really crazy?
Alex has a hand up, or I'm sorry Matthew did we finish answering your question.
Yes, thank you, Alex has a hand up.
Yes, for the most part
So, I'm remembering correctly you mentioned that the pickup and drop off times are always really crazy.
So --
The thing with drop off and pick up is due to c19
Oh yes, for the most part, yes.
So,
We can't have 15 parents coming into the building at 3 o-clock
So many times parents are standing outside versus
so the thing was drop off and pick up and that is due to coven, we can have, you know, 15 parents coming at three o'clock and coming into the building, we can't we can't accommodate that.
If they could message us and message them when they can come to the door for their child
Versus having people stand outside
Because all parents are coming to pick up
So many times parents are standing outside versus if they could message us and we could message them on a platform that says okay we're going to bring your child up to the door will will let you know when you can come to the door, versus having people
stand outside because we can only have so many people in the four year because it's very small and all parents are coming at three o'clock to pick up their kid or dropping off.
You know like when you go to the doctor and you get a text that you can or can't come in
Something like that would be helpful
Again, it's due to COVID
Good to know
So I think something that you know like when you go to the doctors and you get a text that you can come in or you can't come in whatever the case may be something, some something like that would be helpful, and then again is due to coven.
We're open from 7 to 530 but the crunch times are that
The other issue that comes up is
Identification in the sense that we
Right. Good to know. Yeah, and I think also with. We're open from, you know, basically from seven in the morning till 530 but for before and after care but the crunch times are really that.
We have a child and both mother and father are on the list
But they send grandma
But we don't know grandma and can't hand a child off to grandma
Just because she says so
The other issue that comes up sometime during the crunch time is identification, in the sense that we, you know, we have a child and both mother and father are on our list and pick them up, but mom and dad couldn't show up today.
And they said, Grandma, well we don't know grandma.
Even if the child recognizes a person
That goes back to an issue about this being accessible
But it needs to be protected information also
And we can't hear the child off to grandma just because just because she says, you know, so even if the child seems to, you know, recognize the person.
So I think that goes back to to mix issue about this needs to be accessible but it also needs to be, you know, protected information so not just anybody can get access to it.
Alex says he has a follow up question that he's going to type in
Okay. Good to know.
Because his roommate is talking
-- I'm doing that now
Now Alex says he has a follow up question that he's going to type in because his roommate is talking.
After that, we have
Mesha and
Both have questions
So Alex did you want to type in your follow up question or oh yeah I'm doing that now sorry. Okay.
So after that we have measure and show busy both have questions.
. . .
maybe we could take Mesha's question while we're waiting
Maybe we can take measures question while we're waiting.
Speaker:  My question is with the notifications you're thinking,
Are you thinking of a single person in the office sending these?
So, my question is, with the, with the notification you guys are big enough for the, for the app.
Or the teacher would have access to their own section
Are you thinking of having just one single person maybe somebody who works in the office sending out these sort of messages or any updates on the child Are you thinking, the teacher would have access to sort of their own idea of the platform or their
How do you guys do that now or how are you thinking of having that look?
Speaker:  Good question I honestly don't know
That is a great question,
own section of the platform and and they'll have like their class lists, and like, and that's sort of what so how do you guys do that on your end now and then the power you thinking about that look
When kids are picked up at 3
good question. I honestly don't know.
Yeah, there is a great question.
In the afternoon, a lot of time
The teacher will help out with that
They know Johnny's parents come at
305 or 310
When kids especially when kids are picked up at three o'clock in the afternoon. A lot of times the, the teacher will help out with that mean they know that, you know, Johnny's parents always come at 305 or 310.
But I think at the end of the day we would want someone in the front office to okay
Everytime a child is coming and going
I'm not sure we'd want a teacher to say
But still it at the end of the day, I think we would want someone in the front office to actually okay you know every time, every time a child is coming and going.
Your parent is here
You can leave now
Does that get to the point of your question?
Yeah, I think I get what you're saying
parents here, you know you can leave now. And then the front office not know that their childhood left there's that kind of wishes that kind of get to the, the point of your question.
Sort of like a solution if the app is
If the teacher has to check off and that would update for whoever is in the front offce
Yeah, I think I'd be reaching just sort of one, just think about when I was in school and like sort of attendance tracking but just thinking of like sort of a solution if the app is the teacher would have to accept check off this student is leaving on
Is that feasible?
the app and then that would be that would like update automatically in the system for whoever's in the front office would that be feasible solution.
I think that would be a good check and balance
So that we can all see an active document of data
I think that actually would be a very good check and balance on our end, so that the office the teacher everybody's on the same page and we can all see it as a live.
and if there are issues are problems we could see
Immediately and not walk across the building to see a child
Um, you know, active document of data, do you know what I mean so that we can actually know at any given point a snapshot of who's here who's been picked up.
And if there are any issues or problems we would be able to see it immediately and not have to like walk clear across the building to see a child or whatever you know what I mean.
Great, Alex put his question in
Yeah. Okay.
[Reading from chat]
Speaker:  Well it has to be staggered
Okay, great. So Alex put his question so at those punch times with that doctor's office two way communication style be preferable to say, parents being able to schedule staggered pick off pickup dropoff times as the example solution that came to mind.
So the answer would be yes
Although some get there early or late
What happens is parents can't go into the classrooms anymore
We have greeters that when
Well, it has to be staggered so the answer would be yes. Um, although pickup time three o'clock, some get there a few minutes early some get there a few minutes late so they could let us know they're outside, we could.
Someone comes to pick up a child
They go back to the classroom and walk the child up front
Due to c19
If the parent would say
So what happens is his parents can't go into the classrooms anymore they only go to the front door. And just so you understand we have greeters that when somebody comes to pick up a child at the door, they go back or they call the, the classroom, and
I'm here to pick up such and sc
There's a check and balance that the greeter would
they walk the child up front. So before the parents would just walk into the classroom and grab their child to decode it we can't do that. So if the parent would say, I'm here to pick up such and such.
There's a check and balance that the child is supposed to go with that person. And then the greeter would go and get the child and bring him to the door then the parent would be notified that the child's ready at the door.
Pick up the child and let the parent know they're there
Does that answer your question?
Yeah, I think so
Does that answer your question or no.
You would rather have the parent say they're here rather than saying this group is at
255 or this class is at 258
Um, I think so. So you'd rather have parents just be able to say, Oh, I'm, I'm here, and then they come in, in, like, the order that they come in but slowly, rather than oh this group of parents is to 55 this group is like 258, this group and we wouldn't
Yeah, we're trying to be feasible to the parents
So
Staggered, I don't think that works
do that, we wouldn't do that so we're, we're trying to be very serviceable to the parents and, and it is a three o'clock pick up, like, and it is a nine o'clock drop off, just like school you know i mean you wouldn't like classrooms if you're going into
I think just whoever comes first come first served
We can't have --
I don't want everyone standing in 90 degree heat
class starts at a certain time and ends at a certain time still staggered, I don't, I don't necessarily think that works.
Or 10 degree weather standing outside
I think just whoever comes first come first serve and you're in a list and we'll get your child as soon as we can, but we just can't have every, I don't want everyone standing in 90 degree heat or, you know, 10 degree weather outside because they walk
This might be a completely separate app
But those are the main pick up drop off times
up to the building and we still have to go get their child.
But we will still have kids here until 530 for after school care
This might be a completely separate FL so it's a great question. But those are the main pickup dropoff times but we will still have kids here till you know, 435 o'clock 534 after school care.
So there might be functionality that a parent of one of those kids texts us they'll be there in 5 minutes
So there might be some kind of functionality about, you know, hey I'm you know at five o'clock, that a parent of one of those kids could text us and say I'll be there in five minutes.
They could be helpful.
We are focusing on our crunch times but that
Could be helpful
We're focusing on our crunch times of nine to three but that you know for some parents that that could be helpful to say I'm coming to 430 I'm coming at five o'clock.
She couldn't raise her hand in zoom but has a q
Hello, am I audible?
I have two questions, the first was that you mentioned the app should reflect professionals and not too childish
Okay, cool. So she has a question. She couldn't raise your hand and in zoom for some reason, but she has a question.
Hello, Amanda. Yes.
But is there any brand you would like us to integrate into the app?
For any visuals that are on there
We would share the RCN logo, the green and white logo
Yeah, hi, um, I have two questions. The first was that you had mentioned that the app should reflect that you're professionals, and it shouldn't be too childish but is there any particular team or brand that you would like us to integrate into the app.
For any visible interface
That would be wonderful
We don't want busy
Not cartoonish stuff
You know, for any for any visuals that are that are on there yeah we would share the, the RCM logo our green and white RCN logo for any kind of, you know, visible interface.
Yeah, that would that would be wonderful.
Not busy, very simple and very user friendly
Is there any color palette you guys have in mind that we should follow?
Yes, and if I can find that on Tuesday I will shoot it over
Okay, I certainly don't want busy. Do you know what I mean so like, not just cartoonish kind of stuff but we don't want busy. Very, Very simple, very user friendly.
Is there any color palette that you guys have in mind for us to use, or that we should follow so that it sticks to your brand.
I'll put it on the website if you do that
And I'll message everyone
Okay, yeah because the green you're looking at is a spiceful green number
Yes. And if I can, if I can find it on Tuesday I'll shoot it over to Mick yeah we have on the website if you if you do that.
I'm sorry. I'll put it on the website if you do that and I'll message everyone.
I forget what the number is
But we do have a specific color palette
Keep in mind
Okay. Yeah, because that the green you're looking at is a specific green number data Donna, I forget what the number is but yeah we do, we do have a very specific color palette.
We want our app to be identifiable so that if they have 30 apps on their phone
That ours is Earlies to identify
It's a go to
You know what I mean?
They don't have to look for it
It's idtnfb
Keep in mind for anybody that is an app person. We want our app to be very identifiable so you know if they have 30 apps on their phone for the people that are more smartphone savvy that ours is is very easy to identify whether it be our logo or something
Okay,
else but that it's, it's a go to United mean they don't have to like, look for it, it's very identifiable.
Okay.
The other one is you wanted the app to be inclusive
Of ethnicities
So is there something specific about any accessibility issue you want us to target?
Could we have it in English and Spanish?
The other one was that you wanted the app to be inclusive of ethnicities, and also ability so if there's something specific about, like any accessibility issues that you want us to target.
I know I'm reaching, but
-- I was thinking along the lines of
We have it in English and Spanish.
Should we be focusing on a color palette
That is helpful for a color blind individual
And should we be concerned about being blind friendly in any way?
Wow, that would be amazing
Okay, I know I'm reaching but I was thinking along the lines of, should we be focusing on color palette that's also helpful for colorblind individuals, and it should be concerned about being blind flat friendly as well.
I'm not sure how it would operate
I know we have had a couple parents who are deaf, but --
That's an interesting question about whether it's verbal for people who are blind
I don't know
Wow. That would be amazing. I'm not sure how they would operate. I know we have had a couple parents who are deaf, but, oh gosh I.
Deb what do you think about that one?
I don't know if this is the right way to say it
That's a really interesting question about you know it you know whether it was verbal or whatever for people who are are blind.
I don't know Deb, what do you what do you think about that one.
I think.
I think it would be nice if we could
But it's not at the top of my wishlist, does that make sense?
Yeah, I agree
Plus, not to focus on one thing
Does that make sense.
But if we're going to the rush times of pick up and drop off
Yep. Yeah, I agree and plus, you know, not to focus on one thing but if we're going to the rush times of pickup and drop off.
Those are sighted people here to pick up their kids
Those are, you know, those are cited people who typically are driving here to pick up their kids.
But I do know that we have people who translate in Spanish for parents and employeeless
Employees
So if we could put that in the app that would touch a whole group of individuals
But I do know that we do have people that translate in Spanish for some of our parents and families, and even employees so if there was a selection to do the app in English or Spanish.
Whether that's for recruiting purposes
I think that would touch a whole different group of individuals, whether it be for recruiting purposes, or just communication that's clear for people that aren't as good with English.
-- great
It looks like another Mathew has another question
Absolutely, yeah the Spanish could be very important for us.
Okay, thank you.
Hello, as far as content words or media, etc.
Are we providing placeholders for that
Or the media or the content?
Great. So, um, it looks like another Matthew, has another question Matthew in Cardona Hello again, um, as far as a copy or any kind of, you know, content words media etc.
are we providing placeholders for that or are you going to be providing you know the media or the content.
I would think that you're going to provide placeholders for them
I don't think they're going to have time to do that
I think that would make sense, I would agree
I guess my concept of placeholders is
I would think that you're, you're going to provide place.
Once we have the app and be available
I don't think that they're going to have time to do that. Personally, I think that would make sense. Yeah, I would agree and it's.
We could create standardized messages
Whether it's closing early today for snow or weather
Yeah, I guess my concept of placeholders is once we have the app and be available and we could, you know, we could create standardized messages about.
I think you're right it would be placeholders and text
Perfect for that situation
I noticed there are some people here who are not registered and are on the call
We're closing early today because of snow or whether or you know whatever but yeah I think you're right that it will be placeholders and not perfect specific text for every situation.
Okay, thank you.
I'm wondering if there people who want to participate who didn't get to register
I'm seeing unfamiliar names
It could be that some people use mlptle names
Okay now, I noticed that there are some people in here who are not registered who are on the call. And I'm wondering if there are people who wanted to participate in the design jam, who didn't get to register.
Because I'm seeing a couple of unfamiliar names.
If you haven't registered for this I want you to message me in the chat
And Mesha has another question
[Reading from chat]
I think --
Now it could be some people use multiple names so that that could be it but if you haven't registered for this, I want you to at least message me in the chat
and mesh as another question which is how detailed Are you looking for all this to be what do you hope to see visually, to help get an understanding of the overall app.
There's probably a happy medium that they're going to be looking for in terms of detail
There's a degree of detail that would be too much
And then too sketchy
And I think there's probably a happy medium that we're that they're going to be looking for in terms of detail that you know there's a degree of detail that will become inflexible that would be too much.
I guess would be --
Let me --
yeah
Let me answer your question with a q
And then there's too sketchy. So my guess. You guys may want to answer that, but I guess would be,
Whichever design chosen or the winner
If we knew who the student was who did that and we're using it for weeks or months,
let me let me yeah let me answer your question with a question, you know, whichever design, I, you know, would be chosen or would be the winner, you know, if we knew who the person was who who did that the student was a good that and we're using it for
Could we contact that student back and ask to make a change for it
What these students are doing is just design
So they're not usable apps
Luckily I have a class that builds apps based on designs
a couple weeks or a month, and then could, you know, can we contact that student back and say hey could you could you make this change to it, or you know what would that be reasonable request or not.
Well what these students are doing.
Those are not usable at. Okay, Okay. OK, design, design.
And we built that based on last year's
So those would be students that you might want to contact
I'm going to contact them anyway
So luckily I happen to have a class that builds apps, based on designs and we've actually built.
So those would be students that you might want to contact.
But if you were using the app and wanted to tweak it
It's the implementers you want to contact
Or we might all get in the same realm together
Or I mean I'm actually going to contact them anyway. But there's students, if you were, if you were using the app and wanted to tweak it.
It's the implements that you would probably talk to and then the implementation like
Okay, so let me go on
okay thanks for we all get in the same room together at the same time I don't know.
I don't see any other questions
I want to go on to the other sldhow
Okay, so let me go on to the other.
So we don't have a representative from Rochester Greenovation
I don't see any other questions here. So I want to go on to the other slideshow so we don't have a representative from Rochester green innovation, but I have a few things to say about it.
It's completely volunteer run in a store downturn
Downtown
Rochester, green innovation is completely volunteer run, and they run a store downtown at 850 St Paul street, and it is an 18,000 square foot facility.
They also have an eBay store and Poshmark store
But these only show a selection of items
They have a fragmented online prescience
They also have an eBay store and a posh Mark store, but these are run by volunteers with limited time. And these stores only show a few items they have a vast collection of items in their 18,000 foot.
Presence
18,000 square foot space.
They have different volunteers that run nonintegrated presences
Facebook is the first hit when I google
And they haven't fragmented online presence so they have different volunteers who separately. Run, you know, non integrated Facebook, Instagram and tick tock presences.
Rochester Greenovation
Facebook is the first hit when I google Rochester green innovation.
Instagram and TikTok don't come up
They are first on a yelp search for Rochester thrift store
But not Rochester second hand
Rochester green innovation has a website that's not to maintain that comes up seven, Instagram and tick tock, don't come up on a search. They are first on a Yelp search for Rochester thrift store, but they don't appear on the first page of Rochester second
hand.
These are images from their Facebook page
They have 30% of traffic coming from Facebook
Probably because Facebook is the most currently up to date page
So they have, and these are images from their Facebook page.
It's the most well maintained
Then Instagram and walk-ins
People who google, new to the area
They have different kinds of traffic they have 30% of their traffic coming from Facebook. 15% coming from, and that's probably because Facebook is the most.
Currently, up to date.
Then a whipping 30% they don't know where they come from
Page it's the most well maintained page, then Instagram then walk ins without social media people who, Google, people who are new to the area, people who just look up secondhand stores in Rochester, and then a whopping 30% that they don't know where they
A typical visit could last from 30 minutes --
There's so much stuff
Frequently they have people who stay for 3 hours
come from.
I'm not a big shopper so that number floored me
They have several different kinds of shapers
Shoppers
People who love thrifting
And a typical visit can last from 30 minutes so you need 30 minutes to cover the place because there's so much stuff and frequently they have visitors who stay for three hours, believe it or not, I'm not really a big shopper so that that number really
floored me.
And they have several different kinds of visitors, they have people who are just looking around, people who love drifting people who are looking for something in particular, such as a desk or a couch or a table.
People who just want to buy and resell things
And then just people who are looking for deals
They have slumlords coming into furnished apartments resellers and flippers who just want to buy things and resell them on more organized sites.
And then there are just people who are looking for deals, if, if they can find a bargain they're happy.
The inventory is kept very smply
Here are some examples of categories
They have a total of about 50 of these things
The inventory is kept very simply, everything is just recorded as being one of 50 categories.
An app that allows you to assign tag of photographs
That are tags of these 50 types
Might be advantageous
The volunteers are pressed for time
And here are some examples of categories and their biggest category is miscellaneous, and they have a total of about 50 of these things. And it occurs to me that, you know, an app that allows you to assign tags to photographs that are tags of these 50
types might be really advantageous for them.
A couple volunteers have no tech at all
Some have a set schedule and some
Pop in when they feel like it
The volunteers are always pressed for time most of the volunteers communicate through texts and phone calls, but there are a couple of volunteers who have no tech at all.
There are five agencies in Rochester that help mentally challenged people find work
Most of the volunteers have a set schedule but some just pop into the store whenever they feel like it, and green innovation also works. Agencies there about five agencies in Rochester, that help mentally challenged adults find work, and their clients
There is a network of communication with the agencies that
Liaison with them
Then if Greenovation has to close for an emrgncy
volunteer at Green innovation to prep for paying jobs.
And those are our volunteers and there, there is a network of communication with the agencies that
liaison with them.
Which they did in /oct
They have to make 25 calls to --
That's the population of their universe of immediate contacts
And then if renovation has to close for any emergency which they did in October.
There are a lot of design opportunities
They have to make about 25 phone calls and texts to volunteers and agencies. So that's kind of the population of their, their universe of immediate contacts.
It may be the case an app works better because most people are
Physically in the store
And they would be able to use it on their phones
So there are a lot of design opportunities it may very well be the case that an app is going to work better than a website because most people are physically in the store.
Photos are a big deal
An app that encourages people to post and review merchandise
Might work better than Instagram and TikTok
When they're concerned about the store and they would be able to use it on their phones.
Communication is a big thing
If there were one place where people could give updates might work better than twitter
Online incarnations may be highlife
Photos are really big deal. So an app that encourage people to post and review photos of merchandise. And that was usable by non tech savvy shoppers might work better than Instagram or Tick tock, communication is a big thing for them.
Helpful
If there was one place that all volunteers and shoppers could trust for the latest updates or give their own updates might work better than Twitter, and a connection to agree innovations many online incarnations may be helpful.
An app that had a page
Just connecting to their Facebook
So many of renovations volunteers and clients don't know about all the different things that volunteers are up to.
Instagram, TikTok, might be useful
So that's all I have on Greenovation
So an app that had a page just connecting to their Facebook their,
I might say one thing that I think is imp
Which is that
They're not looking for an e-commerce app
their Instagram their tech talk and so on.
might be useful.
I don't think they would be able to support an e-commerce app
Okay, so that's all I have on green innovation, I might I might say one thing that I think is really important, which is that they're not looking for an e commerce app.
I think they're looking for something simpler than that
And I think this is kind of a key thing
And I don't think that they would be able to support an e commerce app.
I think they're looking for something much simpler than that.
This photos thing
Okay
Does anyone want to ask --
I have some knowledge
If anyone wants to ask me questions
I see two people still have hands up
And I think this, you know, this is kind of a key thing this photos thing.
But I don't know
If k
Okay. Does anybody want to ask me so I have some knowledge of of Rochester green innovation so if anybody wants to ask me questions.
It's from before?
Sorry, no,
The other Matthew also has his hand still up
I see that two people still have their hands up but that may be from before I don't know, Matthew in Cardona.
Did you have a new question.
Sorry no is my hands. Hello.
Yeah, I do have a question
When you say not an e-commerce app
The thing that comes to mind is like
Offer up
Yeah. And then the other Matthew also has his hand still awful. Yeah, I do have a question, actually, um, okay.
Like things I want to sell
But they also have categories and images
So are they just looking for a way to have more categories and more specific ones that people can just browse
So when you say like, not an e commerce app, the thing that comes to mind. Are these apps out there like offer up where you can post things that you want for sale that you want to sell like if I have like an old item in my house I can put on there and
To see if they have a certain item
Like an inventory type app
I think that would be useful but I don't think they want more categories
I can sell it, but they also have categories and they also have a ton of images. So are they just sort of looking for a way to have more category categories and more specific ones that people can just browse to see if they have a certain item, like in
a like almost like a just an inventory type app.
If they could get an app that would allow individuals to upload photos of things they see in the store
So the volunteers would use the appointment.  Update the inventory?
I think that would be very useful but I don't think that they want more categories, I think, if they could, if, if they could get an app that would allow people would allow individuals, either volunteers or customers to upload photos that they have things
App
That would be easy to implement if they had this capability
that they see in the store and want to comment on. I think that would be very useful. Okay. And, like so. The volunteers would also would they also use this app to update the inventory when new items come in.
That would be a potential possibility.
It wouldn't be hard to run that into an inventory system
But they don't have a complicated inventory system right now
Professor, I have a q
I mean we, that would be pretty easy to implement. If they had this capability to to post and review photos. Yeah, it wouldn't be hard application wise to run that into an inventory system.
Okay, but they don't have a complicated inventory system right now.
So in the slide about the volunteers there was a point about
I'm Professor I have a question. Yeah.
In the case they have to close for an emergency they would have to make 25 phone calls
Do we have to make any for this particular case?
So, and the slide about the volunteers, was, there was a little point about indicates that they have to close for an emergency, they would have to make about 25 phone calls and text volunteers and agencies.
Do they want an open to communicate with one another?
Announcements or chat would be beneficial
So a chat thing that would allow them to make announcements
Do we have to make any anything for this particular case because they want an opera, volunteers can communicate with one another and give an inflammation or eating announcements or chat would probably be very beneficial.
And also for volunteers to say
I'm coming in now or I'm not coming in now
A communication channel within the app would be beneficial
As a matter of fact,
They should probably have two --
The app should have two levels
So a chat thing that would allow them to to make announcements and also for volunteers to say, you know, I'm coming in now or I can't come in now, a communication channel within the app that everyone who's logged in could see would potentially be very
Stuff the public can see and then staff that you would have to login to be able to say
beneficial as a matter of fact, one thing that has occurred to me is that they should probably have to the app should have two levels there should be stuff that the public can see without logging in, and then stuff that you would have to login to be able
Also regarding people posting reviews,
able to see.
Yes.
Would the volunteers be working on skimming through them and verifying if they're legitimate or spam?
If so, do we need to have --
Give volunteers some sort of power or central
Control
That's a very good idea!
I'm also recording, people posting reviews and post in general.
That's something I think would be helpful to implement
Would the volunteers be working on skimming through them and verifying if they're legitimate or if they're spam in any effect on, and if so, do we need to, you know, have the gift volunteer or some sort of power and control so very good idea that I mean,
something that I think would be very helpful for you to to implement.
okay then I saw someone else had a hand up
Okay and then I saw somebody else had a hand up.
And Matthew's hand is still up
I'm sorry
I don't have another question
Okay, so what I'd like to do now
But they put it down and Matthews hand is still up.
Let me ask if there any general questions before we enter the breakout rooms
The idea is that you begin discussing which not for profits you would like to work with
There is a --
Oh, I'm sorry I'm, I don't have another question. Okay. All right, so what I'd like to do now so it's so let me ask if there are any general questions before we enter the breakout rooms, we're a little bit late on entering the breakout rooms.
There is not a thing here --
Okay, there is --
Oh, no
Did I really leave this out?
The idea is that you begin discussing, which, not for profits you would like to work with. And there is a
there is not a thing here.
Okay, there is no.
There's a page where I would like each team to put in what you want to --
Who you want to work with
I'll have to put that in the chat because for some reason I didn't put in on the website
Did I really leave this out. So there's a call tricks page where I would like each team to put in what you want to who you want to work with.
I'll put it in he chat after you've had time in the breakout rooms
And I'll have to put that call tricks page in the chat because for some reason I didn't put it on the website I can put it on the website. Also, but I'll put it in the chat.
I'd like you to use the breakout room that corresponds to your team number
After you've had some time in the breakout rooms. So I'm going to create nine breakout rooms, and I'd like you to use the breakout room that corresponds to your team number.
So I sent out an email with your team number.
Let me do the breakout rooms now
The teams are numbered 1-9
And the breakout rooms will be 1-9
And let me do the breakout rooms now. And so the teams are numbered one through nine and the breakout rooms are going to be numbered one through nine.
Go to the one that corresponds to your team number
Ask me if you don't know your team number
I will tell you
So go to the, the one that corresponds to your team number. And if you don't know what your team number is just ask me, and I will,
Oh, the qualtrics is on the page with the agenda
I will tell you
the call tricks is on the page with the agenda.
Oh good.
Okay, so I'm sorry I did put that on I just forgot where I put it. So if you go to the agenda page.
You'll put in your team number, and which which not for profit you would like to work with.
And you're not necessarily so there are nine teams. There are two non profits. I'm going to put a sign for have you to one and five of you to the other.
So you're not necessarily going to get your first choice, but please do put in your first choice.
Okay and then I see a lot of people haven't
haven't gone into breakout rooms, but I'm not saying, oh ok so somebody did ask.
Ok, ok so the interpreter should go to breakout room for a four okay.
I'm sorry no Breakout Room five breakout.
Okay.
representatives are free to go now there's no, there's no more q&a anticipated. I'll just announced the assignments, and I'll be letting you know who is likely to want to contact you.
I really appreciate Jeff giving your email address out. I'm going to make sure that the teams that are working on yours will be able to contact you. Great.
Oh thanks very much this is, this is gonna be a lot of fun, really appreciate.
Thank you. And thank you, Debra.
Thank you very much.
Okay, so I still see a few people, not in breakout rooms.
I prefer some like I didn't see the break out rooms, I'm in Team Six, I think.
Okay, so you should be able to see the breakout rooms at the bottom of the screen are at the bottom of the window.
There should be an option for breakout rooms, it might be under more
COEC it under more. Oh yeah, I see that, thank you so much.
Okay, great.
And then all of,
like, I'm sorry, how to get in there, I just see the, there's a Join button there should be a Join button a little blue button with white lettering.
Maybe I can actually oh I can put you in ok and then Holly.
Hi professor. I'm actually really read boys. The other capitalist.
Okay, so let me put aside all assign you to room for that's the room you should be in.
Okay.
I should have done that with the others.
Thank you.
Okay, so you should be able to join room for now.
Okay, I see Diana and creep are still are back here, clipper, I'm not sure how you pronounce your name. Yeah, that's great. Thank you.
Cooper, I'm not sure how you pronounce your name. Yeah, that's great. Thank you. Um, so yes we decided on which project to go on. And so, I think we're going to catch up over the Discovery Channel.
So, is there any wrap up announcement to go yes there is because you're not necessarily going to get to do the one that you chosen. So I'm going to assign you to group so I'm going to try to balance it.
So, if too many people chose one group rather than the other.
I'll have to reassign you so please do stick around.
Yep, sure. Thank you.
And we'll do that in just a few minutes.
Okay, so I'd like to find out if you have responded so I have five responses.
Two of them are from Team Six.
One is from Team one and one is from Team five and one is from Team nine.
By the way, do I need to re enable co host or interpreters still enabled.
We're still close.
Okay. I don't know how breakout rooms, actually, you know if when you go into the breakout room it goes away some things are weird about the breakout rooms.
Okay, it seems that the majority so it looks like I've got now team three Team 19 five Team 16 one.
So I'm just missing team seven.
And, and team, eight, I think, is that right
him seven and teammate are still in their breakout rooms
or team to I'm also missing team two are still in their breakout room.
Professor This is a capitalist.
You have to disable the automatic captioning.
And then, I'm pretty proceed to enable me as the captioning.
Oh,
I thought I did. Oh you know what i enabled the first caption just yeah but right now it looks like you have the automatic speech recognition captioning on.
Yeah, I enabled the wrong person, or I enabled the person who was here before.
So somehow you have to turn the live transcription off.
And then yes, you just assigned me so I haven't No, thank you.
Alright so are you back on or is.
I'm still seeing what looked to me like the automatic captions.
Hold on a second I can see if it's coming across I'm. Yeah, it looks like it's coming across that in mind also somehow you have to disable that or else the two will get confused and it won't work.
TypeWell transcript started.
TEST
So I'm still looking for Team 4.
Isabella: we are here.
Professor:   In terms of a Qualtrics entry.
Isabella:  Oh we didn't receive th link -
where is it again?
Professor:   On the agenda page.
Isabella:  Okay,
we'll do that now.
Professor:   Teams 7 and 8 I still
don't have.
I'm going to close the rooms
Is anyone here from Teams 7 and 8?
I will assign a couple of teams to
Rochester Greenovation.
I think the easiest thing to do is
assign the teams who haven't expressed
an interest,
that's Teams 7 and 8.
And Team 4.
So all
those 3 teams that haven't expressed an
interest I will assign to Rochester Greenovation
.
Mesha:  We couldn't find the link for
the form.
Professor:   So I am assigning you to
the other one though.
I will put that in the e-mail to you again.
Did you get that I am assigning Teams 4,
7,
8 and 9 to Greenovation and the other
five for RCN.
Okay?
Is everyone cool with that?
Yes,
Greenovation was put down for Team 9.
All I see now are there are some teams
saying they couldn't find the link.
So that wraps up the meeting as far as
I am concerned.
I will send you all an e-mail
confirming things again.
I will share my screen because there's
one thing I want to make sure you see,
and that is this checklist the UX club
officers put together.
This is a suggestion about how to do it.
This isn't the only way to do it,
but this is something you can fall
back on.
And there's a discord also.
I have
already seen stuff on here too.
So definitely check this out.
I
will e-mail these groups when I get
more information.
Some interesting questions came up.
For instance about the style guides.
I don't think Greenovation has a
style guide.
This keeps disappearing.
So it's back now.
I will keep in touch with you through
some emails.
And you can keep in tough through
discord or whatever channels you choose.
These slides are at mickmcquaid
.
com/uxstu
mickmcquaid
/uxstudio.com
Teams 4,
7,
8 and 9 are assigned to
Rochester Greenovation,
and the other teams are assigned to RCN.
I will say that in an e-mail again.
Does anyone have any last minute
questions?
I will edit this recording when it
becomes available,
and then I will put it on again
.  Probably tomorrow morning.
Nihal is assigned to Team 4.
Isabella:  We will resend the Discord
link to them.
Professor:   Alright,
I am going to close out the Zoom call
now unless you have questions or comments.
I look forward to chatting with you
during the week and seeing you next
week at the same time.